The Greek or the meaning of ethos is likewise the meaning of morality, however the etymological meaning of morality is, it is rooted from latin, moralis, which also means manner. In the definition of it, ethics is, ethics does involve systematizing, defending, and recommending concepts of right and wrong behavior according to a phaser for the year 2020. In this definition, we can comprehend that ethics is a mixture of science and philosophy. Why science? Because it involves systematizing. When you say systematizing, it involves order or order or the system in which ethics or science has to deal with, but it involves science, there is formulation of hypothesis, the experimentation, conclusion, stage, same with ethics. Every theory or concepts deals with such methods or order for it to come up with better preference or better belief. It also about defending, when we say defending, it requires critical thinking, which is a requisite also of the subject philosophy. So ethics is under the branch of philosophy and science. Since we encounter the morality, you'll ask, is ethics same with morality? Based on what you learn or read in the module, is ethics same with morality? Ms. Charlene Rodriguez? Yes. About Abby Claire? In some ways, but mom, they are related to each other because ethics and morality is all about right and wrong catang. Both the other, what are your sentiments? Yes? The ethics of mom is a field push, which is like science, while ethics is learned academically. Thank you, mom. So ethics and morality is different from each other? Yes, mom. Okay. How about you, Arnell? Do you have same answer? Yes, mom. So who says that ethics and morality are the same? They all say that ethics and morality be first. Anyone from you that believe that ethics and morality are the same? Yes, mom. So to answer the question, ethics is different with morality. However, it is often used synonymously. The other distinction is that ethics refers to the discipline that examines the moral standards of an individual or society, while on the other hand morality can be used either descriptively or normatively. The other distinction is that both of them are concerned with rules. This mentioned here that morality can be used either descriptively or normatively. Do you have any idea of what descriptive or normative sense is when it refers to morality? It refers to a certain codes of conduct put forward by a society or group. Meaning to say it is only true to some group, while it can vary with another group. For example, for us Filipinos, it is ethical or you can say that a child is ethical or with conduct when he makes mano or you may be blessed with elderly. When in the other niche, they don't recognize that practice of making mano to the elderly. Another example is for other religion, it is wrong for them to admit, I mean pork, especially dinoguan, while for other religion like Christian, it is okay for us to... It is okay for us to eat, sorry, it is okay for us to eat dinoguan. That's what descriptive sense is. It is only true to some group of people, while it cannot be true to others. When we say normative sense, it refers to a code of conduct that applies to all who can understand it and can govern or behavior by it. The classic example of this is the golden rule, don't do what to others, I mean don't do to others what you don't want to do until you. For example, you don't want to kill because you will not kill because you don't want others to kill you as well. Same with you, you should not cheat to your loved one if you don't want your loved one to cheat to you. To put it in a easier or more modeling, if we say descriptive sense, it answers the question, what do people think is right. When we say what do people think is right, it is only true to some and it has the possibility for others not to believe on your belief, meaning it is subjective. While in the normative, the question should, the answer should be how should people act. Even in example, we can say golden rule, you should not kill because you are afraid of others to kill you as well. So here, therefore ethics is the study of morality, someone already mentioned this canina, when it comes to scope, most of the scope of ethics because morality is only one of the subject matter under the subject ethics. But you can use this synonymously when you are referring to rules. The first question in your module asks, should there be a study of morality? If you are going to answer that, here are some of the broad answers that you can use. It is important for it to protect social beings by regulating behavior, that's why we have laws and regulations. Another thing is that rules or ethics or morality help to guarantee each person certain rights and freedom. The law also recognizes these rights under Article 3, Section 1. And the third one, rules produce a sense of justice among social beings and lastly, rules are essential for a healthy economic system. If you have a question, you can bat in any time. For the second topic, we have the moral versus non moral standards. Let's see, based on what you read in the module 1, how can you differentiate moral standards from non moral standards? Okay, Brian Bragaiz. How about the Darwin Cruzana? By the way, treat the synchronous class of ours as a recap or review of what you read from the module. If you don't have the topic or cover today, you can share it with us. But what I've included in our presentation for today are the special points or the important points to remember from the module. Faith Leabat, Leabress. This from what you read in our module, how can you differentiate moral standards from non moral standards? Okay, I'm just still there. I think she has an internet connection problem. I'll just call you later, Pete. Yes, Ms. Giselle. The moral standards, the moral actions, or the needs of our ITAMA and Malik. The moral standards are different from what you read from ethics. It's different from what you read from ethics. Yes, that's correct. When you say moral standards, this involves the rules people have about the kinds of actions they believe are morally right and wrong. As well as the values they place on the kinds of objects, they believe are morally good and morally bad. Ms. Giselle, when you say moral standards do with morality or with ethics, it involves what answers the questions or the dilemma is the thing I'm doing good, is the thing I'm doing bad or is the thing I'm doing evil or does it violate law, does it violate rules. So anything that falls under that question is or can be considered under moral standards. Issues such as rape, abortion, divorce, same sex marriage, issues of Afghanistan, recently, those all of those are under moral standards. When we say moral standards, they refer to rules that are unrelated to moral ethical considerations, either these standards are not necessarily linked to morality or by nature locked ethical sense. Ms. Giselle, it has nothing to do with ethics or not necessarily linked to morality or by nature locked ethical sense. Yesterday, when we saw the question of whether we will win or not, that is an example of non moral standards. Another example is that regarding fashion etiquette, if stripes goes along with polka dots or if black and white are a good combination or rules on basketball, on games or any other games, violation of rules in mobile legends or COD. Those are under non moral standards because they are not necessarily linked with morality. It has nothing to do with ethical issues. It will only fall on their health issues, especially those in the northern or other areas regarding their health, but that will fall under non moral standards. There are criteria for a concept to be considered a moral standard. One of it is it must involve serious wrongs or significant benefits. When we say serious wrongs that are those that violate the rules, the law, the belief or customs traditions of group of person. There is also a descriptive sense of morality when particular religion, when you are part of a particular religion and you are violating the divine law of your religion. For example, another example, if you are a Christian and you are practicing polygamuse relationship, meaning to say you have two or more spouses, then you are violating the law of God or the viable. However, for Muslims, if you are practicing polygamuse, it is okay for their belief and for their law religion. Another criteria is that it must ought to be prepared to other values. Another, it must not establish by authority or figures. It must have the trait of universalizability. It must be based on partial considerations. It must be associated with special emotions or vocabulary. If an action falls any of this criteria, it can belong to the moral standards. Nonetheless, anything that is opposite to this criteria belongs to or under the category of non moral standards. If it does not involve serious wrongs or significant benefit, it is non moral standard. For example, if for example you go AFK while playing mobile legend, it will only fall to non moral standards. If it does not ought to be prepared to other values, it is non moral standards. If it is established by authority or figures, it must fall under non moral standards. If it does not have the trait of universalizability. However, this criteria is not true to all. According to the belief of a certain religion, therefore it cannot be... If it is only true to that religion, it will not fall under this criteria. Because when you say universalizability, it must be true to all. The universal rule or universal law is legal rule. Anything that is not based on partial consideration will belong to non moral standards. Anything that is not associated with special emotions and vocabulary will also fall under non moral standards. The example of passion, etiquettes, mathematics, those will all fall under non moral standards. So now let's distinguish again from moral dilemma. Will anyone volunteer to distinguish the two terms as I do on the other side now? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish the two terms as I do on the other side now? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish the two terms as I do on the other side now? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish the two terms as I do on the other side now? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish the two terms as I do on the other side now? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? Will anyone volunteer to distinguish between things that are all bad or unsatisfactory story? How can you differentiate dilemma from amoral dilemma? How can you differentiate dilemma from amoral dilemma? How can you differentiate dilemma from amoral dilemma? How can you differentiate dilemma from amoral dilemma? When we say dilemma, it is a situation in which you must choose between two equally bad options. It is a complex or challenging circumstance. And on the other hand, when we say moral dilemma, it is a situation where you are presented with two or more actions, all of which you have the ability to perform. Thank you, so all of your answers are correct and has points. The difference of a dilemma from moral dilemma lies with the weight of its options. When we say dilemma, it refers to a situation in which a tough choice has to be made in two or more options, especially more or less equally unsatisfiable ones. While in moral dilemma, it has its turmoil. When we say moral, it can be used synonymous with ethics. So it is also an ethical dilemma. They are the situations in which a difficult choice has to be made between two cores of action, either of which entails transgressing moral principles. So the dilemma is a general concept. While when we say moral dilemma, it must deal with what is right and what is wrong. Example of a dilemma, a simple dilemma is whether what food I will eat for lunch. Will it be rice and fish or rice and meat? That is an example of a simple dilemma. It does not concern ethics. When we say moral dilemma, it will concern ethics. The question is whether abortion is good or bad or can divorce be legal or not. Whether the victim of rape is to be blamed or not. Whether people of Afghanistan should stay there or evacuate to other countries. Whether the detective is performing his role as president ethically or unethically. Whether or not the church should give its comment when making a bill or passing a bill. Those are examples of moral dilemma. The question is what is wrong? Can you give an example of a dilemma? When we say dilemma, it should not concern ethical issues or those are dilemmas that are only light and are encountered by us everyday. What is wrong? It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. It should not concern ethical issues or those are only light and are encountered by us everyday. For example, you accidentally broke your mother's vase and the question of whether to tell your mother that you're the one who broke the vase or keep it a secret is a moral dilemma. It may seem simple since it happens daily or it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. It may seem simple since it happens to all of us. Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Is it okay with your class? Format, are you referring to format? Format? Okay, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12, the usual size 12,